Assignment 1
Milestone 3-4:
Name   : Chungon Tse
ID     : 154928188
Email  : cotse@myseneca.ca
Section: NFF

1. It is justified to expect correct input of entries of information just so the input along with the coding can form some meaningful data structure that is the object of study. For example, in the milestone 4 scenario, it meant there were five entries of account information and there was the need to add, modify, remove, and list account details. Just like prior workshops and previous milestones, I have come to find it important to write error messages to control the user input such as the input of yes/no/Y/N/y/n and of integers such as the requirement of positive integers instead of 0 or negative integers or decimal places and numbers within a certain range. Whatever simple interface that the user sees has to be supported by minute details in the "background" coding to keep out wrong input.

2. I think, first of all, naming has to be intuitive. If a certain module or library only serves for, say, ticketing in this case, then the name may simply be ticketing.c and ticketing.h for definitions and prototypes respectively. But if ticketing is more complicated than this, then I would suggest adding some precise wording. accountTicketingUI.c and accountTicketingUI.h look intuitive enough to reflect how they cater for a full-fledged user interface in modifying account details. The way that module/library header and source code files use the same file names are probably advisable. It means pairing up highly related header and source code files. Matching file names are probably even more useful when an application requires multiple pairs of header and source code files.

3. Now I can see menu options already appeared in prior workshops and in this exercise there was a cascading menu that was about making up a menu system in which selecting a certain option would lead to options in the next level. First, at the login level, there were the options login and exit. Selecting login would lead to five options of adding, modifying, and removing an account, listing accounts for a summary view, and listing accounts for a detailed view. Then, selecting modifying an account would lead to update account type, login, and demographics. With the option login in the update options, there were the further options display name and password. With the option demographics above, there were the options household income and country. If the user input was outside the range of numbers in any menu, then the system might return to the main menu or log out.
